When it comes to learning a new task, it really depends on which career
path I'm on to dictate, like, how much time I spend. So, for the military,
I try not to spend so much time learning new tasks on my own
time. There are many opportunities that you're not doing anything.
For instance, when you are on a watch and everything's fine with the
plants, where they suggest, "Hey, pick up a book and start reading
yourself." So, those are opportunities to learn, not on my own free
time. However, in the civilian side, where I'm a computer science programmer,
almost all of the big major learning that I do, is on my
free time. Besides homework in college, for my actual job, during your
working hours you're expected to actually do your work and if you
want to improve yourself, if you want to learn another computer science
language, if you want to learn a new tool, if you want to learn
new software, then almost all of it is on your own time. So, that could
be, during my most intensive phases, could be one or two hours
at the end of the day, non-working time that I spend improving my own
knowledge.